DOC-447 simplify SR GTM instructions (#516)
amplitude/amplitude-docs: content/collections/session-replay/en/session-replay-google-tag-manager.md

Instrumenting Amplitude Session Replay with Google Tag Manager requires a different procedure than with the standard [Browser SDK Plugin](/docs/session-replay/session-replay-plugin). 

{{partial:admonition type="note"}}
This article pertains to **client-side** GTM instrumentations **only**.
{{/partial:admonition}}

## Enable Session Replay

To instrument Session Replay with Google Tag Manager:

1. Add the [Google Tag Manager Web Template for Amplitude Analytics Browser SDK](/docs/data/source-catalog/google-tag-manager) if it's not yet enabled.

  {{partial:admonition type="note" heading="Update the Amplitude tag template"}}
  A Session Replay toggle is available in the latest version of the Amplitude Analytics Browser SDK template.
  {{/partial:admonition}}

2. In Google Tag Manager, create a new tag using the Amplitude template, or edit an existing tag you created based on the template.
3. In the tag's *Initialization* section, select **Enable Session Replay Plugin**.

> 4. In Amplitude, navigate to *Organization Settings > Session Replay Settings*. Update any [masking](/docs/session-replay/session-replay-standalone-sdk#mask-on-screen-data), [sample rate](/docs/session-replay/session-replay-standalone-sdk#sampling-rate), or other settings.

Reviewer: Thanks for linking these, since GTM uses the plugin it may be better to link to the plugin masking section: https://amplitude.com/docs/session-replay/session-replay-plugin#mask-on-screen-data

Author: True, good call.

Technically, it's the same content pulled in by reference. Contextually, linking to the plugin makes sense!

> 4. In Amplitude, navigate to *Organization Settings > Session Replay Settings*. Update any [masking](/docs/session-replay/session-replay-standalone-sdk#mask-on-screen-data), [sample rate](/docs/session-replay/session-replay-standalone-sdk#sampling-rate), or other settings.

Author: ```suggestion
4. In Amplitude, navigate to *Organization Settings > Session Replay Settings*. Update any [masking](/docs/session-replay/session-replay-plugin#mask-on-screen-data), [sample rate](/docs/session-replay/session-replay-plugin#sampling-rate), or other settings.
```

      var script = document.createElement('script');
      script.src = src;
      if (script.readyState) { // IE, incl. IE9
        script.onreadystatechange = function() {
            if (script.readyState === "loaded" || script.readyState === "complete") {
                script.onreadystatechange = null;
                callback();
            }
        };
      } else {
        script.onload = function() { // Other browsers
            callback();
        };
      }
      document.getElementsByTagName('head')[0].appendChild(script);
    }

    loadAsync("https://cdn.amplitude.com/libs/plugin-session-replay-browser-{{sdk_versions:session_replay_plugin}}-min.js.gz", 
      function () {
        var sessionReplayTracking = window.sessionReplay.plugin({sampleRate: 1});
        window.amplitude.add(sessionReplayTracking).promise;
    });

</script>
```

{{partial:admonition type="info" heading="Sample rate"}}
The sample rate in this sample is set to 1, or 100%, which means every session is captured. This is good for testing, but not recommended for production. For more information, see [Session Replay Plugin | Sample Rate](/docs/session-replay/session-replay-plugin#sampling-rate).

> {{/partial:admonition}}

Reviewer: I think we'll want to still keep this sample rate text

Author: Good call, I'll add that back in and reword / move it so it's not in context to the old code sample.

> 2. In Google Tag Manager, in the *Initialization* section, select **Enable Session Replay Plugin**.

Reviewer: Are we able to include the image as well?

Author: Screenshots of 3rd party tools is something I want avoid as much as possible. We have no idea when that UI changes, so giving the user enough info to be able to `cmd + F` the field  is the better option, IMO.

I'll poke around Tag Manager and add better text explanation here.

Reviewer: Okay that makes sense!
